the Rogers Cup Montreal Novak Djokovic
his first ATP World Tour appearance
since winning Wimbledon and the coming
world number one tomorrow
special presentation
the Serbian received the ATP number one
protein too
going into montreal Djokovic at 148 of
his forty nine matches so far this year
privilege for me to be there with Novak
the depth of talent on tour is at an
all-time high and we have great
champions and that makes Novak's
accomplishments all the more remarkable
he is a truly deserving world number one
and as I said it's a privilege for me to
be here and to take some part in in
recognizing his incredible achievements
this year it's not just a tennis story
it's been one of the biggest stories and
in the world of sports this year yeah
unreal beginning of the year I mean the
whole season so far it's been great but
he is done
you want two grandsons he only walked
the last 11 matches here I congratulate
in one more time and I hope he keeps it
up I am feeling really happy that I am a
part of his unit any success it's nice
to have a guy like no work as a part of
your life you know just seeing him there
doing all the things right from a
firstrow seat you know sometimes it just
pushes me to be better people it's
really amazing what he did I'm so happy
that that he managed to do it also in
this famous era you know because having
a doll and feather so dominant over the
last couple of years and just you know
he was just better than them this year
it's not that I don't know feather is
getting old or not out his injured
whatever none of these things happen
it's just that lock it was better than
them this year and I'm so everything
one defeat all year it's been an
historic season for the serm but Novak
insists there is no one magic ingredient
for his success preferring instead to
single out the group members behind the
scenes
I tried to you don't really keep the
things very simple the daily routine
practice very hard and I'm surrounded
with a team of people like me that is
killing me on the ground and you know
directing my focus into into what I need
to do this is a very special time to
achieve greatness men's tennis has never
been stronger and the big three are
acutely aware of each other's ability
these guys have all worked hard to cast
an overwhelmingly positive image for our
sport and a lot of that just starts with
how they treat each other incredibly
intense rivalries but still be civil to
each other and more importantly as I
said just cast an overwhelmingly
positive image for our sport we see that
resonating with our fans which has no
intention of resting on laurels there is
still much to play for the season not
least the US Open
I do want to continue my great run this
year on hard courts I want to keep
winning that's that's what motivates me
every time I go into the transport I
want to start this is open Syria season
good and you know obviously prepare well
for the US Open which is the most
important
next week on ATP World Tour uncover
North America's second masters 1000
series event of the summer
Cincinnati
the American dream we catch up with a
fish fresh
yes
Oh